{\rtf1\ansi\deff0
{\fonttbl {\f0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green0\blue0;}
\fs24

\b Synopsis:\b0\line
This website is a \b Patient Registration Form \b0 for “Pawsitive Medicine.” It collects user information including personal details, contact information, and medical history through a structured and styled HTML form. The form uses client-side JavaScript for dynamic validation and real-time feedback, including custom rules for names, phone numbers, passwords, and more. The user can preview all form input before submission using a “Review” button that generates a clean summary. The design prioritizes user experience and interactivity.\line\line

\b What I’m proud of:\b0\line
I’m especially happy that I successfully implemented real-time phone number formatting. As users type, their input is automatically formatted to the standard (XXX) XXX-XXXX format, reducing errors and improving readability. I also integrated custom JavaScript validations for most fields so users receive feedback immediately after typing or blurring a field. Another major success was the “Review / Get Data” button, which pulls together all key inputs from the form and displays them in a nice summary before submission.\line\line

\b What still needs work:\b0\line
Since I’m testing locally in VSCode using Live Server, submitting the form using the POST method triggers an HTTP 405 error because Live Server does not support server-side handling. I plan to address this by either simulating a redirect or using JavaScript to replace the form submission. Beyond that, I’d like to enhance accessibility (e.g., ARIA labels) and improve the thank-you page styling. Everything else is functioning as expected.
}
