{\rtf1\ansi\deff0
{\fonttbl {\f0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green0\blue0;}
\fs24

\b Synopsis:\b0\line
This website is a \b Patient Registration Form \b0 for “Pawsitive Medicine.” It serves to collect detailed user information such as personal demographics, vaccination history, and account preferences. The form is built with HTML and styled using CSS, while JavaScript is used to validate inputs, enhance user interactivity, and manage cookies for remembering users. A welcome message appears in the header based on cookie data, and users can optionally clear stored data and restart the process. Additionally, an embedded \i iframe \i0 displays external health-related content (e.g., CDC website) within the header, while a fixed footer ensures contact and social media information remains visible throughout the browsing experience. The user can also preview a clean summary of their input before submission using the “Review / Get Data” button.

\b What I’m proud of:\b0\line
I’m particularly happy with the working implementation of the “Remember Me” feature using JavaScript and cookies. When a returning user visits the site, they are greeted by name and their first name is auto-filled. The inclusion of a dynamic checkbox to clear the cookie and restart as a new user works as intended and expires after 48 hours for security. I also successfully added an embedded iframe and styled header/footer protection (one via iframe and the other fixed in place), fulfilling both technical requirements. The review button now functions properly and summarizes form inputs dynamically without reloading the page.

\b What still needs work:\b0\line
Everything required is now functioning. However, if I were to continue improving the site, I would focus on enhancing the \i aesthetic quality \i0 of the embedded iframe to make it blend better with the overall page design. Additionally, I’d refine the social media icons in the footer to be cleaner, sharper, and better aligned. Finally, although functionality is the current priority, improving mobile responsiveness and ARIA accessibility attributes would be future areas of focus.
}
